
VTS: Vehicle Tracking system
used by four regional telephone companies: SBC SOUTHWEST, SBC MIDWEST, SBC EAST and SBC WEST. 
VTS to track their vehicles include: Installation and Maintenance (I&M), Special Services, and Construction.
Each evening, the GPS unit downloads its location information to the VTS servers. 
This information is then processed into "stop" and "transit" points that can be viewed via a Map or Map & Details report.
Clients access the VTS application via a web-based browser application - VTS Reports. 
The VTS clients are primarily field supervisors who use VTS to determine the physical location of their technicians and vehicles on the previous day.
VTS Center for each of the 4 major SBC regions is equipped with a GUI application (VTS Manager) to maintain the relationships between vehicles-to-crews, technicians-tovehicles, 
and technicians-to-crews so that the data in the VTS Reporting application is displayed appropriately for each organization,as well, as field questions and handle problems related to those relationships.
VTS Business Objects universe was deployed in 2001 which allows analysis and reporting of VTS data via Business Objects 

1.Dashboard:
Manager console Dashboard is a summary representation of ‘Driver – Vehicle – GPS assignment details, Work Request Summary, Exception Count, 
Technician Status’ of the reportees of a Manager who has logged in. 

2.Vehicle Management:
The Vehicle Management Tab is the one stop where Manager can find the detail information of Users (Manager and Technician), 
Vehicle and GPS Unit. In this tab, Manager can have a complete control to view, update the information and control the Vehicle-GPS-User assignment. There are 2 sections, where in the first section list of Vehicle#, Driver ID, GPS Unit and its Manager ID of the Manager logged in will be given. The second section will be having the 5 tabs named “Driver”, “Vehicle”, “GPS”, “Crew” and “View Assignment History”.

2.1 Driver 
Driver – Vehicle Info • Driver – Portfolio Info 
2.1.1 : Driver – Vehicle Info
Driver Info  
	Driver Info give the Last Name, First Name, ATTUID, Manager ID, Job Function Code.  
Vehicle Info 
	This tab gives the information like Vehicle ID, Effective Start Date & Time, Effective End Date & Time. 
2.1.2 : Driver – Portfolio Info
Driver Info  
	Driver Info is the same which we find in the “Driver – Vehicle Info” tab.  
Tour Info 
	This tab gives the information about the Tour like Tour Start Time, Tour End Time,  Effective Start Date, Expiry Date.

2.2 Vehicle
Vehicle tab gives the Vehicle details of the record selected in the left pane. Here Vehicle #, Driver ATTUID, Effective Date & Time, Expire Date & Time.
Manager can update the Vehicle details in this tab after clicking the “Update” button. This tab also give the list of unassigned Vehicles as a info to the Manager, so that it can be used. 

2.3 GPS
This tab gives the GPS Unit details. This list the information about GPS Unit#, Effective Start Date & Time, Expiry Date & Time.
Manager is not allowed to update the GPS details. 

2.4 Crew
Crew tab will list out the Crew details. The Crew Name, Effective Date & Time, Expiry Date & Time and No Expiration.
Manger cannot update the Crew Details.

2.5 View Assignment History 
This tab gives the history of the Vechile to Technician association. The tabular view gives the history with Vehicle #,
Tech UID, Effective Start Date/ Time, Expiration Date/ Time, Modified by, Modification Date/Time. 

2.5.1 Vin to Tech 
This tab gives the history of the Vechile to Technician association. 
The tabular view gives the history with Vehicle #, Tech UID, Effective Start Date/ Time, Expiration Date/ Time, Modified by, Modification Date/Time.


2.5.2 VIN to GPS Unit 
This tab gives the history of the Vehicle to GPS association. The tabular view gives the history with the Vehicle #, GPS Unit, Effective Start Date/ Time, 
Expiration Date/ Time, Modified by, Modification Date/Time. 


2.6 Tasks

2.6.1 Search for Driver / Manager 
Driver/ Manager can be searched by selecting from Hierarchy tree or Search by option 
Hierarchy Tree 
 
 Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, Select the Hierarchy button 

Step 2: From the Hierarchy tree displayed, drill down to the Manager/ Driver required or search the name using the search box

Step 3: Navigate between the ‘Driver’/ ‘Vehicle’/ ‘GPS’/ ‘Crew’/ ‘View Assignment history’ tab to know more details about the Driver/ Manager selected. 
If Manager is selected from Hierarchy, then select one of the reporting drivers listed in the left pane to know the details.

Note: Manager would be able to view only the peers or a level down in the Hierarchy tree

‘Search By’ option 
 
 Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, Select Driver ID or Manager ID option for the ‘Search by’ drop down

 
2.6.2 Search for a GPS Unit 

Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, Select GPS Unit option for the ‘Search by’ drop down 
Step 2: Provide the desired GPS Unit # in the search box and click enter 
Step 3: Navigate between the ‘Driver’/ ‘Vehicle’/ ‘GPS’/ ‘Crew’/ ‘View Assignment history’ tab to know more details about the GPS Unit searched 

2.6.3 Search for a Vehicle

Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, Select Vehicle # option for the ‘Search by’ drop down 

Step 2: Provide the desired Vehicle # in the search box and click enter 

Step 3: Navigate between the ‘Driver’/ ‘Vehicle’/ ‘GPS’/ ‘Crew’/ ‘View Assignment history’ tab to know more details about the GPS Unit searched 
 

2.6.4 Update/ Unassign Driver of a Vehicle 
Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, select the Vehicle from the table listed or search for the Vehicle using ‘Search By’ option  
 
Step 2: Select the ‘Driver’ tab from the right pane 
Step 3: From the ‘Driver – Vehicle Info’ tab under Driver tab, Click the Update button from the button panel 
Step 4: From ATT UID drop down, Select ‘Unassigned’ or the driver to which the selected vechile should be assigned.
Step 5: Set the Effective Date/ Time and Expiry Date/ Time under Vehicle Infor section which gets activated on the completion of step 4 
Step 6: Click Save button from button panel 
Step 7: After reviewing the summary of your action, Click Yes (Click No if you want to discard the changes) when prompted 

2.6.5 Driver’s tour Info Updation
Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, select the Vehicle from the table listed or search for the Vehicle using ‘Search By’ option  
 
Step 2: Select the ‘Driver Tab’ from the right pane 
 
2.6.6 Update / Unassign Vehicle of a Driver 
Step 1: In the ‘Vehicle Management’ module, select the Vehicle from the table listed or search for the Vehicle using ‘Search By’ option  
 
Step 2: Select the ‘Vehicle’ tab from the right pane 

 Step 3: Click the Update button from the button panel 

Step 4: From Vehicle # drop down, Select ‘Unassigned’ or the Vehicle to which the selected Driver should be assigned 
 
 Step 5: Set the Effective Date & Time/ Expiry Date & Time as required   

Step 6: Click Save button from button panel 
 
Step 7: After reviewing the summary of your action, Click Yes (Click No if you want to discard the changes) when prompted

3. Work Request 
Work Request tab, by default list out all the work requested created under the logged in User (Manager ID). 
Manager can also search a particular Work Request by searching the Vehicle ID or Advanced Search. 

In this screen, Manager User can  
Use the Advanced Search option to find a work request. 
Select a Work Request and click “View Detail” button to see the details. 
Click the “Create New” to create a Work Request.

3.1 Advanced Search
3.2 View Details
3.2.1 Information: Gives the “Work Request Information”, “Vehicle and GPS Unit information”, “Manager ID and Information”. 
3.2.2 This tab gives the “Problem Description”, “Special Access”, “Center Comments” and “Vendor Comments”. Manager can assign or unassign the #Code from the Center Comments selection box. 
“Glossary for # Code” is given for the user knowledge. Manager can only view these details and cannot update it.

3.3 Create New
1. VID Identification 2. New Ticket 3. Review Information 

VID Identification:In this tab, Manager should enter the Vehicle# and look up for the details.
 If the entered Vehicle# is not correct the system will through the error. 
Once the correct Vehicle# is given the corresponding “Vehicle Information” will be displayed. 
There is another section “Service Loction Address” where the data will be pre populated from the system. User can still update them.  
 
New Ticket :Here Manager needs to enter the information like Problem Description, GateCode, 
Re-Installation into VIN, Additional Problem Description, Shipping Address & Additional Comments and Center Comment. 

Review Information: It will give the overview of all the information given in previous step and presented to Manager for confirmation. 
Clicking the Submit will create a Ticket.

4.Map

Map Type
From Date 
to Date
Company
Reporting Manager's ATTUID
Crew

5.Reports
6. Misc
Finding Technician Location: 
UUID:
Vehicle Info:
Info Type:











Sridhar Reddy

Usha Rani, Akram, Sai, Sarath,Kamal, kavindra
hbheemacharla@externetworks.com
Mof33633